[BIM-Webviewer] More detail on Webviewer Events (#102)
procore/documentation: other_procore_apis/bim_web_viewer.md

##### Returns

```js

> undefined;

Author: Let me check out the prettier, it ultimately made these changes with the semicolon and the table spacings.

#### Parameters

| Field Name | Required | Type       | Description                                                               |
| ---------- | -------- | ---------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | objectIds  | true     | ObjectId[] | An array of object ids. To zoom to a single object, pass an array of one. |

Author: Same comment: https://github.com/procore/documentation/pull/102#discussion_r954378908

I will check out the prettier.

> | objectIds  | true     | ObjectId[] | An array of object ids. To zoom to a single object, pass an array of one. |

Author: I have opted to just revert these changes.

| ------------ | ------ | -------------------------------------------------- |
| offsetHeight | number | New offset height of the webviewer parent element. |
| offsetWidth  | number | New offset width of the webviewer parent element.  |
| offsetLeft   | number | New offset left of the webviewer parent element.   |
| offsetTop    | number | New offset top of the webviewer parent element.    |

---

### appStart

<p class="heading-link-container"><a class="heading-link" href="#appstart"></a></p>

Fires after .start() is called.

---

### bcfCameraSet

<p class="heading-link-container"><a class="heading-link" href="#bcfcameraset"></a></p>

Fires after a BCF Camera has been set.

---

### cameraUpdated

<p class="heading-link-container"><a class="heading-link" href="#cameraupdated"></a></p>

Fires after the camera direction or camera position has been modified.

---

### canvasReady

<p class="heading-link-container"><a class="heading-link" href="#canvasready"></a></p>

Fires after the rendering canvas has been created.

---

### coachmarkHyperlinkClicked

<p class="heading-link-container"><a class="heading-link" href="#coachmarkhyperlinkclicked"></a></p>

> Fires when the coachmark indicator has been cleared. The coachmark in the upper right hand corner of the webviewer appears due to; hidden objects, applied section planes, or a field of view has been applied other than the default field of view. When you clear a coachmark, this event fires and returns a string value of which coachmark was cleared.
> 
> This string can be one of the following values: `hidden`, `section`, or `fov`.

Reviewer: I found this a little hard to parse. I tried rewriting in my native language of bullet points 🚄 . Please consider :)

```suggestion
Fires when the coachmark indicator has been cleared. The coachmark will appear in the upper right hand corner of the webviewer appear when:
- objects are hidden
- section planes are applied
- a field of view has been applied other than the default field of view

When the coachmark is cleared, this event will fire with a value indicating which type of coachmark was cleared:
- `"hidden"`
- `"section"`
- `"fov"`
```

---

### doubleClick

<p class="heading-link-container"><a class="heading-link" href="#doubleclick"></a></p>

Fires after a double click occurs on the webviewer container element. Returns a [MouseEvent](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/MouseEvent) object.

---

### downloadComplete

<p class="heading-link-container"><a class="heading-link" href="#downloadcomplete"></a></p>

> Fires after all the requests for the model has been downloaded. This event will still fire even if the model is cached.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fires after all download requests for the model have been completed. This event will still fire even if the model is cached.
```

<p class="heading-link-container"><a class="heading-link" href="#downloadprogress"></a></p>

Fires periodically to report progress on how much of the model has been downloaded.

#### Data Properties

| Field Name  | Type    | Description                                                                                                     |
| ----------- | ------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| loaded      | number  | Number of bytes downloaded.                                                                                     |
| total       | number  | Total size of model in bytes. This amount will be arbitrarily large until all the requests have been initiated. |
| total_found | boolean | Returns true to indicates all the requests for the model has been initiated.                                    |

---

### downloadStart

<p class="heading-link-container"><a class="heading-link" href="#downloadstart"></a></p>

Fires before requests are made to download the model.

---

### drawingNavigated

<p class="heading-link-container"><a class="heading-link" href="#drawingnavigated"></a></p>

> Fires when the 2D Navigation overlay is used to navigate the model. Specifically, this fires after a location and direction has been chosen on the floor plan and the overlay is dismissed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fires when the 2D Navigation overlay is used to navigate the model. Specifically, this fires after a location and direction have been chosen on the floor plan and the overlay is dismissed.
```

| action     | string | The type of action, can be the following: `checkbox`, `open`, `click`, `double_click` or `close`                                                                              |
| depth      | number | The depth of the object interacted with. A depth of 0 indicates top level objects. A depth of 1 indicates an object that is one level down from root level objects and so on. |

---

### markupDisplayed

<p class="heading-link-container"><a class="heading-link" href="#markupdisplayed"></a></p>

Fires when markup from a viewpoint has been displayed.

---

### markupDismissed

<p class="heading-link-container"><a class="heading-link" href="#markupdismissed"></a></p>

Fires when markup from a viewpoint has been dismissed.

---

### navigationChanged

<p class="heading-link-container"><a class="heading-link" href="#navigationchanged"></a></p>

Fires when the navigation mode has changed.

#### Data Properties

| Field Name | Type   | Description                                     |
| ---------- | ------ | ----------------------------------------------- |

> | mode       | number | The type of navigation that was just activated. |

Reviewer: Guessing we're not documenting this specifically because it just gives you 0, 1, 2, 3 ? haha

I think that's coming from here and we don't expose it currently: https://github.com/procore/bim-webviewer/blob/develop/src/controllers/RenderWrapperController.js#L156-L162

Author: Yup, that is correct lol.

Author: We can update documentation if we decide to expose that enum.

| controls   | object | An instance of the controller object.           |

---

### objectDoubleClick

<p class="heading-link-container"><a class="heading-link" href="#objectdoubleclick"></a></p>

> Fires on double mouse clicks. If the double mouse click occurs on an object, this event returns a Meshnode ID, otherwise -1 is returned. A double click also produces one `objectSingleClick` event.

Reviewer: I think where the SDK API audit landed was that we would call these meshnode indices. 

```suggestion
Fires on double mouse clicks. If the double mouse click occurs on an object, this event returns a Meshnode Index, otherwise -1 is returned. A double click also produces one `objectSingleClick` event.
```

---

### objectSingleClick

<p class="heading-link-container"><a class="heading-link" href="#objectsingleclick"></a></p>

> Fires on a single mouse click. If the single mouse click occurs on an object, this event returns Meshnode ID, otherwise -1 is returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fires on a single mouse click. If the single mouse click occurs on an object, this event returns a Meshnode Index, otherwise -1 is returned.
```

| ---------- | ------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| origin     | string | The origin of the hide operation, can be: `context_menu`, `keyboard`, `object_tree`, `object_tree_context_menu_hide`, or `object_tree_actions_hide` |

---

### objectUnhide

<p class="heading-link-container"><a class="heading-link" href="#objectunhide"></a></p>

Fires when objects have been removed from the hidden set.

#### Data Properties

| Field Name | Type   | Description                                                                                               |
| ---------- | ------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| origin     | string | The origin of the un hide operation, can be: `coachmark_hidden`, `object_tree`, `object_tree_all_objects` |

---

### objectSelect

<p class="heading-link-container"><a class="heading-link" href="#objectselect"></a></p>

> Fires when an object has been selected. This event returns Meshnode ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fires when an object has been selected. This event returns a Meshnode Index.
```

---

### optionsChanged

<p class="heading-link-container"><a class="heading-link" href="#optionschanged"></a></p>

Fires when the Webviewer options have changed. This event fires when `setOptions` is called, or when actions cause the multiple selection option to change, such as keyboard shortcuts to multi select objects.

---

### objectMeasure

<p class="heading-link-container"><a class="heading-link" href="#objectmeasure"></a></p>

> Fires objects are selected for measurement. This event returns a Meshnode ID of the object selected fore measurement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fires when objects are selected for measurement. This event returns a Meshnode Index of the object selected for measurement.
```

| Field Name   | Type   | Description                                    |
| ------------ | ------ | ---------------------------------------------- |
| offsetHeight | number | Offset height of the parent element container. |
| offsetLeft   | object | Offset left of the parent element container.   |
| offsetTop    | number | Offset top of the parent element container.    |
| offsetWidth  | object | Offset width of the parent element container.  |

---

### redo

<p class="heading-link-container"><a class="heading-link" href="#redo"></a></p>

Fires when the keyboard shortcut to redo is pressed. This event fires regardless if there is anything to redo.

---

### selectTool

<p class="heading-link-container"><a class="heading-link" href="#selecttool"></a></p>

Fires when a tool has been activated.

#### Data Properties

| Field Name | Type   | Description                                                                                 |
| ---------- | ------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| origin     | string | The origin of the tool being activated.                                                     |

> | tool       | number | The tool that has been activated, enumerated from `ProcoreBim.Webviewer.toolstoolbar_enum`. |

Reviewer: Looks like this should be `toolbar_enum`.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2865469/186540650-c03df496-c26b-41f1-81ad-27b8600ce135.png)

```suggestion
| tool       | number | The tool that has been activated, enumerated from `ProcoreBim.Webviewer.toolbar_enum`. |
```

Events

---

## Event Names

<p class="heading-link-container"><a class="heading-link" href="#event-names"></a></p>

The following event names are available to notify third party code of changes in the viewer.

#### Complete Example

```js
const viewer = new ProcoreBim.Webviewer(options);

viewer.events.addEventListener('appResize', (data) => {
  // Called when the window resizes and returns an object with properties
  // `offsetHeight`, `offsetWidth`, `offsetLeft`, `offsetTop`.
  console.log(data.offsetHeight);
});

viewer.events.addEventListener('bcfCameraSet', () => {
  // Called when the camera has been set, does not return any data.
});

viewer.start();
```

### Callback function

<p class="heading-link-container"><a class="heading-link" href="#callback-function"></a></p>

> The second parameter to `addEventListener` is a third party defined function to be executed when the event fires. Depending on the event, the callback function may return undefined, or data. This data may be a number, string, or a JavaScript object.

Reviewer: Feels like this callback function was meant to go somewhere else? Maybe part of `addEventListener`

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2865469/186730614-9e291908-44e6-489d-b9b4-5dde30b9ed07.png)

Fires when the 2D Navigation mini map was clicked on.

---

### floorPlan

<p class="heading-link-container"><a class="heading-link" href="#floorplan"></a></p>

Fires when the 2D Navigation overlay is interacted with.

#### Data Properties

| Field Name                | Type        | Description                                                                                                 |
| ------------------------- | ----------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| floorPlanNavigateAndClose | function    | Provides a callback function to navigate the camera to a position and close the overlay. Returns a promise. |
| floorPlanPoint            | function    | Provides a callback function to calculate a point on the current floor plan. Returns a promise.             |
| overlay                   | HTMLElement | The HTMLElement for the 2D Navigation overlay                                                               |
| type                      | string      | The type of interaction and has the following values: `open`, `close`, and `update`                         |

> ### floorPlanNavigateAndClose

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### floorPlanNavigateAndClose
```

<p class="heading-link-container"><a class="heading-link" href="#floorplannavigateandclose"></a></p>

Updates the camera position and direction in addition to dismissing the 2D floor plan overlay.

> #### Parameters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Parameters
```

| Field Name | Required | Type   | Description                |
| ---------- | -------- | ------ | -------------------------- |
| x          | true     | number | x coordinate in 3D space.  |
| y          | true     | number | y coordinate in 3D space.  |
| z          | true     | number | z coordinate in 3D space.  |
| dx         | true     | number | x direction of the camera. |
| dy         | true     | number | y direction of the camera. |

> ### floorPlanPoint

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### floorPlanPoint
```

<p class="heading-link-container"><a class="heading-link" href="#floorplanpoint"></a></p>

Returns the corresponding point on the 2D floor plan overlay from a point in 3D model space.

> #### Parameters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Parameters
```

| Field Name | Required | Type   | Description                 |
| ---------- | -------- | ------ | --------------------------- |
| x          | true     | number | x coordinate of the camera. |
| y          | true     | number | y coordinate of the camera. |
| z          | true     | number | z coordinate of the camera. |
| dx         | true     | number | x direction of the camera.  |
| dy         | true     | number | y direction of the camera.  |

> #### Example

Reviewer: No change here. Children of `floorPlan` are:
- Data Properties
- `floorPlanNavigateAndClose`
- `floorPlanPoint`
- Example

Feels right to me.

```js
const viewer = new ProcoreBim.Webviewer(options);

let floorPlanNavigateAndClose = null;

viewer.events.addEventListener('floorPlan', (data) => {
  // Executed when the 2D floor plan overlay is interacted with.
  if (data.type === 'open') {
    // Your application might need to know when the 2D floor plan overlay is `open` and keep a reference to
    // floorPlanNavigateAndClose
    floorPlanNavigateAndClose = data.floorPlanNavigateAndClose;
  }
});
viewer.start();

// Perhaps your application places markers that represent 3D positions on the 2D floor plan overlay while it is open. When
// tapping on a marker, this function could be called that uses `floorPlanNavigateAndClose` to set the camera and close the
// 2D floor plan overlay.
const goto = (camera) => {
  if (floorPlanNavigateAndClose !== null) {
    floorPlanNavigateAndClose(camera.x, camera.y, camera.z, 0.1, 0.1);
    floorPlanNavigateAndClose = null;
  }
};

> ```

Reviewer: This is maybe starting to get nitpicky, but I found it confusing that `floorPlanNavigateAndClose` is at the same level of hierarchy as `floorPlan`, which makes it look like an actual event as opposed to a parameter of the `floorPlan` callback. Maybe we could make `floorPlanNavigateAndClose` and `floorPlanPoint` (and the headers under them) one level deeper.

I'll leave individual line suggestions to make it clearer what I'm proposing to change.

Author: Yes! This is great. I was wondering about this too, I think this is a perfect solution to this.
